README.md, before:

[![Build](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1122365627751989329?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/tXFf9umfA9)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/fancy-warp-menu/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/fancy-warp-menu)

# Fancy Warp Menu

A prettier warp menu for Hypixel SkyBlock

-----

This is a recreation of the fancy warp menu from SkyblockAddons, rewritten for better performance.

## Features

- Built for Forge for Minecraft 1.8.9
  - Fabric 1.20.1 port planned
- Lightweight
  - Just the warp menu, no additional features
- Supports custom layouts
  - Learn to make one [here](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpPackTemplate)!

## Screenshots

![Fancy Warp Menu at large GUI scale](docs/Fancy%20Warp%20Menu%20Large.png)
Large GUI scale


![Fancy Warp Menu at normal GUI scale](docs/Fancy%20Warp%20Menu%20Large.png)
Normal GUI scale


![Fancy Warp Menu Settings](docs/Settings.png)
Settings (access by clicking the portal in the bottom right corner)

## Supported Languages

Help us translate the mod on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/fancy-warp-menu)!
- English (US)
- Chinese Simplified
- Chinese Traditional
- French
- German

## Support

Please join my [Discord server](https://discord.gg/tXFf9umfA9) for support.

## Credits

Mod template: [Nea's Forge 1.8.9 Template](https://github.com/romangraef/Forge1.8.9Template)
<br>
Portal texture: [SkyblockAddons](https://github.com/BiscuitDevelopment/SkyblockAddons/blob/main/src/main/resources/assets/skyblockaddons/portal.png)
<br>
Island Renders: Rendered by Schlaumeyer using [Blender](https://www.blender.org/)
<br>
Translators:
- PumpkinXD
- Rodry
- Astri_
- KoT_B_MeWkE
- outsparkled
- taku565758
- larryshow
- The_Deerman
- Seeloewen

## Licenses

View the list [here](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/wiki/Licenses).

Commit message:

Update strings, add aspect ratio testing configurations, add Hypixel to credits

README.md, after:

[![Build](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1122365627751989329?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/tXFf9umfA9)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/fancy-warp-menu/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/fancy-warp-menu)

# Fancy Warp Menu

A prettier warp menu for Hypixel SkyBlock

-----

This is a recreation of the fancy warp menu from SkyblockAddons, rewritten for better performance.

## Features

- Built for Forge for Minecraft 1.8.9
  - Fabric 1.20.1 port planned
- Lightweight
  - Just the warp menu, no additional features
- Supports custom layouts
  - Learn to make one [here](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpPackTemplate)!

## Screenshots

![Fancy Warp Menu at large GUI scale](docs/Fancy%20Warp%20Menu%20Large.png)
Large GUI scale


![Fancy Warp Menu at normal GUI scale](docs/Fancy%20Warp%20Menu%20Large.png)
Normal GUI scale


![Fancy Warp Menu Settings](docs/Settings.png)
Settings (access by clicking the portal in the bottom right corner)

## Supported Languages

Help us translate the mod on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/fancy-warp-menu)!
- English (US)
- Chinese Simplified
- Chinese Traditional
- French
- German

## Support

Please join my [Discord server](https://discord.gg/tXFf9umfA9) for support.

## Credits

Mod template: [Nea's Forge 1.8.9 Template](https://github.com/romangraef/Forge1.8.9Template)
<br>
Portal texture: [SkyblockAddons](https://github.com/BiscuitDevelopment/SkyblockAddons/blob/main/src/main/resources/assets/skyblockaddons/portal.png)
<br>
Island Renders: Rendered by Schlaumeyer using [Blender](https://www.blender.org/)
<br>
Translators:
- PumpkinXD
- Rodry
- Astri_
- KoT_B_MeWkE
- outsparkled
- taku565758
- larryshow
- The_Deerman
- Seeloewen

Hypixel SkyBlock and SkyBlock Islands: Hypixel Inc.
<br>
Fancy Warp Menu is a modification created by players and is not affiliated with or endorsed by Hypixel Inc.

## Licenses

View the list [here](https://github.com/ILikePlayingGames/FancyWarpMenu/wiki/Licenses).
